__Homework 01-02__
Adam Driggers

- What were some of the issues with your first iteration of DAPSTA?
  - Is there a lot of repeated code?
  "I tried to keep my code as DRY as possible. To that end I made arrays for the stations lists as well as the trains that are currently in the system. I made a function for to search through the station list, so that I could just call that function using the correct train line with the array of the stations in that list.

  - How flexible is the code? (How would it respond to changes in the future?)
  "I atticipated that the DAPSTA system could grow in the future. So I added the trains as an array, so that in the future more lines could be pushed to the array. Then the user would have to add station list for each line."

  - Where do you see room for improvement?
  "There is still a lot of hard coding in my program. For example there is an IF ELSE structure to handle the stations list depending on which line the user choice. I think this could be better done using a associative array or an object"

  - What are the nouns for this problem domain? What real-world objects are we 
  trying to represent through our code?

- In programming, what purpose/uses do arrays have?
"Arrays are used to hold lists of other data. The make it easy to loop through a lot of data to get info or perfrom some operations"

- How can we use arrays to better represent the data we use in DAPSTA?
"I used arrays a lot already. I used them for the train lists and the train lines that are in this system."
